Remove breakpoints codemod (#196)
pixee/codemodder-python: src/core_codemods/docs/pixee_python_remove-debug-breakpoint.md

> This codemod removes any calls to `breakpoint()` or `pdb.set_trace()` which should only be used for active debugging and not in production code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This codemod removes any calls to `breakpoint()` or `pdb.set_trace()` which are generally only used for interactive debugging and should not be deployed in production code.

In most cases if these calls are included in committed code, they were left there by mistake and indicate a potential problem.
```
